## Changes


### New features

<ul>
    <li><strong>Email:</strong> Added Mailgun API option</li>
    <li><strong>Install button:</strong> An install button will show now so people can install your app on their devices ( PC, Android, iOS...etc)</li>
    <li><strong>Genres:</strong> now you can add genres to pages & sections.</li>
    <li><strong>Section:</strong> now you can move left, right and delete existing items on a section. This makes it easier to adjust than the previous approach, where you have to delete all the items and start adding them ones again.</li>
</ul>



### Bug fixes

<ul>
<li><strong>Podcasts:</strong> fixed an issue that was occuring when the listen notes API was activated</li>
<li><strong>Register play/stream: </strong> fixed an issue while registring song play to the system.</li>
<!-- <li>(Can't be fixed. Issue/policy related to YT API) YouTube videos: an issue on the mobile phones. When the user open the playlist or hide the player window the music stops.</li> -->
<li><strong>Genres:</strong> genres hover animation resulted a glitch on Safari browsers.</li>
<li><strong>Chat:</strong> fixed an issue with the chat feature functionalities</li>
<li>Sections: quitting the section windows was not possible after a server error occurred.</li>
<li><strong>Song/Artist admin search:</strong> song & artist search was not working on the admin panel.</li>
<li><strong>Player:</strong> playing a song video after a radio was causing a glitch.</li>
<li>Other bugs</li>
</ul>


### Improvements

<ul>
    <li>There were issue reported connecting to email providers. We have improved this.</li>
    <li>Added the core features list and feature updates for all the versions</li>
    <li>Youtube iframe: You can now disable the YouTube feature completely from the admin panel ( settings > general )</li>
    <!-- <li>Get started guide added to the documentation.</li> -->
</ul>


### Changed files

    app (the whole folder)

    public/js
    public/css
    public/mix-manifest.json
    public/service-worker.js

    resources/js
    resources/views/SPA.blade.php

    routes/web.php
## How to update

<strong>PS: make sure you have upgraded to version 3.2</strong>

to update from V3.2 to V3.3 

1 - Replace the changed files mentioned above

<!-- 2 - Empty the cache folder from any files inside <code>bootstrap/cache</code> -->

2 - visit the URL <strong>[YOUR DOMAIN]/update/3.3</strong>

If you get "UPDATED SUCCESSFULLY", you should be good to go!

If you face any issues, please contact us.