## Changes

### New features

<ul><li><p><a href="https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Spotify API</a> integration ( You can now import content from Spotify ).</p></li><li><p><a href="https://www.listennotes.com/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">Listen Notes API</a> integration ( largest podcast database on the internet).</p></li><li><p><a href="https://web.dev/what-are-pwas/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow"><strong>PWA</strong></a><strong>(Progressive web application): </strong>You can now install your app directly to the desktop or mobile devices with many other features.<strong> </strong><a href="https://web.dev/what-are-pwas/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow"><strong>Read more about PWA</strong></a></p></li><li><p><strong>Google Analytics 4:</strong> Get analytics directly to your GA4 panel with the possibility to report more than 10 events.</p></li><li><p><strong>Brand new installer: </strong>Better UI<strong>, </strong>Easy to use &amp; optimized. This new installer was made because a lot of our clients have faced installation issues and so we decided to make something that we are proud of.</p></li><li><p>You can disable artists, subscriptions, store, and many other features on the installation. This was added to optimize your app based on your needs.</p></li><li><p><strong>SmartP: </strong>When a user plays a song, a playlist will be fetched and queued based on the same genre/artist/album of that song. You will be able to configure the order of these factors.</p></li><li><p><strong>Social Sharing:</strong> You can now share your app content to social media websites( Facebook, Twitter...etc) with the integration of OG meta tags. This also allows such engines to crawl your website.</p></li><li><p><strong>Music Store:</strong> It is possible now to sell songs/albums with licenses of your choice.</p></li><li><p>Artists can now earn money. They can collect stream royalties and/or earn from sales of their digital products.</p></li><li><p>Artists can request payouts from the payout methods you allow.</p></li><li><p>Contact artists/users directly from your admin dashboard.</p></li><li><p><strong>External Links</strong>: You can add external links to your website ( Facebook, Twitter, Instagram...etc). Small icons will be shown on the right sidebar which will redirect to the desired external destination.</p></li><li><p>Songs, albums, artists also have now fields for external links ( Spotify, YouTube, Soundcloud, and iTunes)</p></li><li><p>Option to label a song/album as explicit/exclusive.</p></li><li><p>You can now create custom pages ( Ex: Policy Privacy, Terms of service...etc).</p></li><li><p><a href="https://www.shoutcast.com/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">SHOUTcast</a> stream support.</p></li><li><p>2 new content layouts ( Cards &amp; Lists ).</p></li><li><p>Youtube videos can now be disabled (only audio).</p></li><li>x3 Performance boost</li><li><p>UI improvements.</p></li><li><p>Bugs fixes.</p></li><li><p>and more...</p></li></ul><h4><strong>We will keep improving and your trust means so much to us</strong></h4>
